legend tells of a ring created by an
ancient evil that gave its wearer the
power to enslave the world
believes lost for centuries it has now
been found visit secret is it safe this
is the One Ring forged by the Dark Lord
Sauron
you seeking its seeking at home his
thought is bent
sarang's forces are already moving they
will find the ring and kill the one who
carries it
you have my sword that you have my book
my canada face if there's a little one
we're coming to mr. fur toes not going
anywhere without lady there's something
tell me they are coming
if you want him come and claim him
we track a band of uruk-hai westward
across the plain we have taken two of
our friends captive look for your
friends but do not trust a hope it has
forsaken these lands
I come back to you now at the turn of
the time
sarang's forces have begun their attack
he is using Saruman to destroy your
people they were unarmed they had no way
this is but a taste of the terror that
Solomon will unleash must fight I will
not risk open war open war is upon you
what you would risk it or not
the eye of the enemy is moving the end
has come
cameras
this is your test every path you have
trod through wilderness through war has
meant to this road sending him away
comes me the pieces removed
dr. trust I see your eyes the same fear
that would take the heart of me a day
makeup on the courage of men fails when
we forsake our friends and break all
bonds of fellowship but it is not this
day whatever happens stay with me this
day we fight
all you have to decide is what to do at
the time that is given to you
we shall see the Shire again
you gave away your life's grace
I cannot protect you anymore
cannot achieve victory through strength
of arms not for ourselves but we can
give Frodo chance
you